c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\obj\x86\Debug\CitySim.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CitySim.exe
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\CitySim.pdb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\obj\x86\Debug\CitySim.exe
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\obj\x86\Debug\CitySim.pdb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Block_Grass.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Block_Rock.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Block_Water.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Buildings_Resource.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Cursor.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Home_Low.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Icons.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Icon_Fertile.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Icon_Mineral.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Icon_Water.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Mine_Basic.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UI_Alert.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UI_AlertGreen.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UI_Build_Panel.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UI_DataBar.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UI_InfoBox.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UI_InfoBox_Block.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\UI_InfoBox_Building.xnb
c:\users\tsail\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CitySim\CitySim\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\mFont.xnb
